Add redirects, sitemaps, and limits topics (#944)
commerce-docs/microsite-commerce-storefront: src/content/docs/setup/seo/indexing.mdx

### Redirects

The Edge Delivery Services redirect sheet handles most migration-time URL changes: removing `.html` suffixes, restructuring content paths, and remapping product URLs after a replatform. Create the redirect list as a spreadsheet called `redirects` in the root of your project folder. Each row maps a source path to a destination URL or path. Preview changes before publishing so stakeholders can verify them on the `.page` preview site.

The redirect sheet matches URL paths only. The `Source` column accepts a relative path, so query parameters are not part of the match. It cannot target individual search terms like `/search?q=running`. For that use case, see the [search redirects tutorial](/how-tos/search-redirects/). For CDN-level wildcard redirects, see [Content delivery network](/setup/configuration/content-delivery-network/).

> If you are migrating from Adobe Commerce on Cloud (PaaS), that platform's URL rewrites (Marketing > SEO & Search > URL Rewrites) do not transfer to your storefront. Those rewrites are a PaaS-only feature, so re-create any active ones as rows in the EDS redirect sheet instead.

Reviewer: Migrating to where?   Migrating from Adobe Commerce on Cloud or On Premises to Adobe Commerce as a Cloud Service or Adobe Commerce Optimizer --  migrating your backend from Adobe Commerce on Cloud or On Premises to use Adobe Commerce as a Cloud Service or Adobe Commerce Optimizer...

```suggestion
If you are migrating from Adobe Commerce on Cloud, that platform's URL rewrites (Marketing > SEO & Search > URL Rewrites) do not transfer to your storefront. Those rewrites are available only on Adobe Commerce  PaaS-only feature, so re-create any active ones as rows in the EDS redirect sheet instead.
```

For the full reference — spreadsheet column names, wildcard CDN redirects, and SEO guidance for site migrations — see <Link href={"https://www.aem.live/docs/redirects"} text={"Redirects on AEM.live"} />.

### Sitemaps

> Edge Delivery Services generates a sitemap automatically when you publish content. For Commerce storefronts, though, you often need additional configuration for prerendered catalog pages, multi-store `hreflang` tags, and large catalogs that exceed the 50,000-URL-per-file limit.

Reviewer: Is 50K the right limit -- thought I read 100K but that might be a different limit.

```suggestion
Edge Delivery Services generates a sitemap automatically upon publication. Commerce storefronts often require additional sitemap configuration to support prerendered catalog pages, multi-store `hreflang` tags, and large catalogs that exceed the 50,000-URL-per-file limit.
```
